Collapse leaf optimization API to blocking optimize_leaves (#914)
breez/spark-sdk: docs/breez-sdk/src/guide/optimize.md

## Controlling optimization timing

The optimization process reorganizes leaves by swapping them to achieve optimal denominations. During this process, funds in leaves being swapped become temporarily unavailable for payments, which can delay transaction processing.

By default, the SDK automatically triggers optimization after each payment (sent or received). For applications requiring more control, you can disable automatic optimization in the [configuration](./config.md#optimization-configuration) and drive it manually using {{#name optimize_leaves}}.

<h3 id="optimize-leaves-full">
    <a class="header" href="#optimize-leaves-full">Run optimization to completion</a>
    <a class="tag" target="_blank" href="https://breez.github.io/spark-sdk/breez_sdk_spark/struct.BreezSdk.html#method.optimize_leaves">API docs</a>
</h3>

> Call {{#name optimize_leaves}} with an {{#name OptimizeLeavesRequest}} using the default {{#enum OptimizationMode::Full}} mode to run optimization until no further work is productive. The call blocks for the duration of the run and returns an {{#name OptimizeLeavesResponse}} whose {{#name outcome}} is {{#enum OptimizationOutcome::Completed}} with the number of rounds executed. A `rounds_executed` of `0` means the wallet was already optimal at call time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call {{#name optimize_leaves}} with an {{#name OptimizeLeavesRequest}} using the default {{#enum OptimizationMode::Full}} mode to run optimization until no further work is productive. The call blocks for the duration of the run and returns an {{#name OptimizeLeavesResponse}} whose {{#name outcome}} is {{#enum OptimizationOutcome::Completed}} with the number of rounds executed. A {{#name rounds_executed}} of `0` means the wallet was already optimal at call time.
```

{{#tabs optimize:optimize-leaves-full}}

<h3 id="optimize-leaves-single-round">
    <a class="header" href="#optimize-leaves-single-round">Run optimization one round at a time</a>
    <a class="tag" target="_blank" href="https://breez.github.io/spark-sdk/breez_sdk_spark/struct.BreezSdk.html#method.optimize_leaves">API docs</a>
</h3>

> To display progress or cancel between rounds, pass an {{#name OptimizeLeavesRequest}} with {{#enum OptimizationMode::SingleRound}}. Each call executes one round and the response {{#name outcome}} is {{#enum OptimizationOutcome::InProgress}} (more work remains) or {{#enum OptimizationOutcome::Completed}} (terminal — either the planner confirmed this swap finished optimization, or `rounds_executed == 0` indicating the wallet was already optimal). Cancel between rounds simply by stopping the loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display progress or cancel between rounds, pass an {{#name OptimizeLeavesRequest}} with {{#enum OptimizationMode::SingleRound}}. Each call executes one round and the response {{#name outcome}} is {{#enum OptimizationOutcome::InProgress}} (more work remains) or {{#enum OptimizationOutcome::Completed}} (terminal — either the planner confirmed this swap finished optimization, or a {{#name rounds_executed}} of `0` indicates the wallet was already optimal). Cancel between rounds simply by stopping the loop.
```
